Question 1:
Explore and explain the various methods in console function

Answer: 
  1.  console.log()     - Outputs the message to the developer console.
  2.  console.warn()    - Outputs a warning message to the developer console.
  3.  console.clear()   - Clears the console.
  4.  console.error()   - Outputs an error to the console.
  5.  console.table()   - Displays the given data in a tabular form.
  6.  console.info()    - Outputs an information to the console.
  7.  console.time()    - Starts an timer.
  8.  console.timeEnd() - Ends the timer.
  9.  console.count()   - Logs the number of times that this particular call to count() has been called.
  10. console.trace()   - Outputs a stack trace to the console.
  

Question 2:
Write the difference between var, let and const with code examples.

Answer: 
  Both 'var' and 'const' are used for variable declaration, but the main difference is that 'var' is function scoped that is,
  it is available throughout the program and 'let' is block scoped which means it is available only for a particular block of 
  code like an function. The 'const' variable is used to declare variables that don't change during the whole execution of the
  code, in other words 'a constant value' and we can't change the values once it's declared.

Example Code:
      var name = 'John';
      var age = 25;

      console.log(name)
      console.log(age)

      const PI = 3.14;
      console.log(PI);

      {
        let job = 'Pilot';
        console.log(job)
      }

      //Throws an error because 'job' is outside of the scope.
      console.log(job)

      //Changing the values and logging them to the console.
      name= 'Cooper'
      age= 19;
      console.log(name)
      console.log(age)

      //Throws an error because we cant change 'const' values once it's declared.
      PI = 3.1421;
      console.log(PI)


Question 3:
Write a brief intro on available data types in JS.

Answer:
  Datatypes in JS:
    1. String - contains a string of characters enclosed in double or single quotes.
    2. Number - a number that can be float or int.
    3. Boolean - an Boolean value either True or False.
    4. Array - an list of items inside square brackets separated by commas.
    5. Object - written as name value pairs inside curly braces.
